{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18600\viewh12640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 *the thicker the better\
*don\'92t forget the salt in the dough process\
*dry fry is important\
\

\f1\b Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}500g potatoes (baby potatoes/any white do fine)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}30g margarine / butter\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}200g self-raising flour
\f1\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Method\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f1\b Cut potatoes
\f0\b0  to even sizes. Skin them to your preference, (I prefer skin-on, it adds to the texture). \
{\listtext	2.	}
\f1\b Boil 
\f0\b0 the potatoes until they come apart easily with a fork (15 mins in pre-boiled water, dependent on size). \
{\listtext	3.	}
\f1\b Drain
\f0\b0  and let the water at the bottom of the pot steam off for a minute. \
{\listtext	4.	}
\f1\b Mash
\f0\b0  the potatoes until desired consistency (for me I like little chunky bits throughout, and you\'92ll knead the dough plenty too). \
{\listtext	5.	}
\f1\b Add margarine
\f0\b0 /butter to the mash. \
{\listtext	6.	}
\f1\b Add the flour in parts
\f0\b0  until desired dough. Boiled potatoes will have different humidity dependent on how long they\'92ve been sitting after draining, and the type of potato. Any consistency where it\'92s not too sticky will do fine. \
{\listtext	7.	}
\f1\b Salt
\f0\b0  to taste. \
{\listtext	8.	}
\f1\b Split dough
\f0\b0  into three. \
{\listtext	9.	}Clean and flour a work surface. \
{\listtext	10.	}Heat up a large non-stick frying pan (no oil, dry pan) to a middle-high heat (on my stove it\'92s 5.5 out of 9 heat settings).\
{\listtext	11.	}Take one of the dough thirds and
\f1\b  flatten it 
\f0\b0 (smack it/roll it) out into a circle. (Thick circles, go for 0.5 to 1cm).\
{\listtext	12.	}
\f1\b Cut your dough
\f0\b0  circle into quarters for 4 even-sized triangles. \
{\listtext	13.	}When pan is hot, 
\f1\b transfer in the scones 
\f0\b0 and 
\f1\b let them get golden
\f0\b0  on each side. (Dry pan, don\'92t add any oil/butter). \
{\listtext	14.	}
\f1\b Cool on a rack
\f0\b0  if storing or serve hot. \
}